h2. Django-project-templates

This project contains templates for creating a new Django project. It's like running django-admin.py startproject but it creates a more complete application skeleton.

All you need to do is install the package from PyPi like so. Note that it will install PasteScript, Cheetah and Fabric. So you may want to create a new virtualenv.

pre. python easy_install django-project-templates

Alternatively you can install it from a git clone with:

pre. python setup.py install

And then creating a project skeleton is as simple as:

pre. paster create --template=django_project example_project

Note that this project skeleton is still in flux. It definitely contains some things that are personal preference but it hopefully makes up for it with useful tools like a reasonably complete fabric based deployment setup and configs for CruiseControl. And yes, more documentation would be nice.

h2. News apps template

The folks over at the Chicago Tribune have kindly contributed a template they use for their projects. You can find more about that on "this blog post":http://blog.apps.chicagotribune.com/2010/03/08/advanced-django-project-layout/.

pre. paster create --template=newsapps_project example_project

The newsapps_project template is very similar to django_project. Major differences include: 
* A much larger "fabric deployment script with a bunch of goodies":http://blog.apps.chicagotribune.com/2010/02/10/refactoring-fabric/
* Removed and refactored config directories. There are now dirs for production, staging and common.
* Tightly integrated with Chicago Tribune's "News apps Amazon EC2 Image":http://blog.apps.chicagotribune.com/2010/02/17/our-geodjango-amazon-ec2-image-for-news-apps/ (ami-ff17fb96 on us-east)
* Removed CruiseControl stuff.
* Added a 'manage' script in the project root to make management commands accessible.